doc: update csi snapshot backup type for backup mode parameter (#1070)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.9.0/snapshots-and-backups/csi-snapshot-support/csi-volume-snapshot-associated-with-longhorn-backup.md

deletionPolicy: Delete
parameters:
  type: bak
  backupMode: full
```

> By default, Longhorn performs incremental backup. Specify `backupMode` in the parameters to create a full backup. For more information about `backupMode`, see the backup documentation [Create A Backup](../../backup-and-restore/create-a-backup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Longhorn performs incremental backups by default. Add the `backupMode: full` parameter to create a full backup. For more information about `backupMode`, see [Create A Backup](../../backup-and-restore/create-a-backup).
```

Author: fixed.
